When sorting descending.data, Optimized Bubble Sort (OBS) appears to have a running time of 0.0502 seconds as opposed to Bubble Sort's (BS) 0.0430 seconds. Since OBS has a theoretical worst-case runtime of O(n^2), which is equal to the runtime of BS, it is reasonable to expect that OBS is always at least as fast as BS and, on average, faster. While it may be faster on average, the discrepancy noted in this run can be attributed to the addition of the boolean flag and how it is checked after every pass. When the data is completely unsorted such that all n-1 passes are required, the number of element comparisons made by both algorithms remain the same since early termination can't apply. However, the addition of the boolean declaration, assignment, and flag check adds additional operations per pass. These operations that add marginally to the time of each pass, when performed across many passes, accumulate to result in a noticeably slower run time. Thus, while the asymptotic run time is at least as good for OBS as BS, the overall worst case actual run time is indeed slower for OBS than BS. 


The optimizations in ArrayBag and LinkedListBag aim to reduce the time it takes to access frequently accessed elements. They do this by moving an element to the front (LinkedListBag) or closer to the front (ArrayBag) every time it is searched for. This means that subsequent searches for the same element will find it quicker since it is moved closer to the front of the list being traversed. An example situation in which this would be helpful is an application where the user is searching through a list of contacts. A person's contacts list is typically very large containing the numbers of many people. However, when people use their contacts, they typically search for the same set of people frequently while rarely searching for others (i.e. close family and friends versus the guy from high school they worked with on a group project many years ago). Thus in this case, a move-to-front heuristic would be extremely helpful because it would greatly reduce the average search time since most of the people who will be searched for will be near the front of the list. This same idea could apply to something like a cafe that keeps track of customer's rewards. There are some customers that are frequent visitors while others only purchase from the cafe occasionally. In cases like this, the optimizations would ensure frequent visitors are typically closer to the front of the list, reducing the amount of time spent searching for the customer profile to fetch their rewards data. 